Only with this fake marriage I'll get rid of my dad's control.
One year isn't enough for me to fight my mate.
Only if I agree to this fake marriage, I'll keep my job.
I don't want to go back to those old days and suffer false abuse.
Though I can't date anyone this year, $50,000 monthly is awesome.
Mr. Green, you may now kiss the bride.
She looks gorgeous in the wedding gown.
But no matter what, she can't compare to my mate.
If only my mate were standing here right now.
As he prints from a fairy tale, he looks so handsome.
If only my hero were standing here right now.
Please stop staring at each other, Mr. Mrs. Green.
You can reserve it for later, after the kiss.
As long as you want.
Why are you so happy?
She's just a weak human, rather than a werewolf.
Stop being such a downer.
Bryant is happy, I'm happy.
Besides, she can give us an air.
David, what's up?